docs(cli): add the configuration file (#1940)
latticexyz/mud: docs/pages/cli/config.mdx

# The World config

Certain CLI commands, such as [`mud tablegen`](/cli/tablegen) and [`mud worldgen`](/cli/worldgen) require the MUD configuration file.
This file needs to be named `mud.config.ts` and be in the same folder as your `foundry.toml` file.

The config is used to define:

- The tables in your project in the `tables` object of your configuration.
  See [the `Store` documentation](/store/tables) for more information on table and their format.
- The [namespace](/world/namespaces-access-control) the [`System`s](/world/systems) and tables will be deployed in.
- The `System`s in your project.

>   By default, the deployer will find all Solidity matching `*System*.sol` (so any file containing `System` with a `.sol` extension, in any folder) and deploy them as `System`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, the deployer will find all Solidity matching `*System.sol` (so any file containing `System` with a `.sol` extension, in any folder) and deploy them as `System`.
```

>   If you want greater control over your systems (to change their public access or their name), you can use the `systems` object in the config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you want greater control over your systems (to change their public access or their name), you can use the `systems` object in the config.
```

> - The [modules](/world/modules) that will be installed on the `World`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [modules](/world/modules) that will be installed in the `World`.
```

An example of a `World` config with all the different configuration keys and options used:

```tsx
import { mudConfig } from "@latticexyz/world/register";
import { resolveTableId } from "@latticexyz/config";

export default mudConfig({
  excludeSystems: ["System3", "System2"],
  worldContractName: "CustomWorld",
  namespace: "mud",
  systems: {
    IncrementSystem: {
      name: "increment",
      openAccess: true,
    },
  },
  tables: {
    CounterTable: {
      valueSchema: {
        value: "uint32",
      },

>     },

Reviewer: should we add all table options here?

Author: On this page? Definitely - my bad. In the example? No. It's best to keep the code sample simple.

- **`worldContractName`**: a `string`: the name of a contract in your project implementing the `IWorld` interface.
  Useful if you want to modify the default World implementation, but potentially dangerous.
- **`deploysDirectory`** a `string`: which folder to put the deployment artifacts into after deployment.

- **`modules`** an array of module definitions: each module definition has a `name`, `root` (optional), and `args` key.

  - `name`: Name of the module to instantiate. The same module can be instantiated multiple times. This should be the name of the contract file without `.sol` (eg: if the contract is named `DopeModule.sol`, the name of the module is `DopeModule`)

  - `root`: whether to create a `root` module or not. `root` modules have access to all tables and are not bound to namespace restrictions.

  - `args`: a list of arguments to be sent to the `install` function of the module. In this array, you can use the function `resolveTableId`. This function will turn a table name from your config into its low-level ID in the World. It is useful to pass references of a table to a module.

> - **`systems`**: a dictionary of system definitions. The keys in the array are file names without the `.sol` extension. For example, if your system is named `SystemA.sol`, use `SystemA` as the.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`systems`**: an object of system definitions. The keys in the object are file names without the `.sol` extension. For example, if your system is named `SystemA.sol`, use `SystemA` as the key.
```

>   The value is a dictionary of system configuration properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The value is a record of system configuration properties:
```

  - `fileSelector` (optional): a `string`: the file selector for the system.

>   - `openAccess` (optional, default `true`): a `bool`: if set to `false`, only the systems in the same namespace and the addresses or systems listed from the accessList.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `openAccess` (optional, default `true`): a `bool`: if set to `false`, only the systems in the same namespace and the addresses or systems listed in the the `accessList` array have access.
```

  - `accessList` (required if openAccess is `false`): an array of `string`. Each address in the array will be granted access to this system, allowing them to call it.

  Example:

  ```tsx
  import { mudConfig } from "@latticexyz/world/register";

  export default mudConfig({
    systems: {
      SystemA: {
        name: "systema",
        openAccess: true,
      },
    },
    tables: {},
  });

>   ```

Reviewer: I think we don't need another example here, but rather add all the options the the example above. (Alternatively we could have small examples for each option, but I don't think it's necessary)
